through the eyes of this special family
we're going to learn more about the owls
mysterious world Lloyd and Rose are
going to put their own birds to the test
and this year they're expecting some new
arrivals to barn owl chicks the first of
them is ready to hatch come on little
one
one more big push in you're out
you've done well not one eh
I must been a huge effort on it to get
out of there she's easy to take it for
granted when you're here but actually
it's it's a really wondrous thing to see
new life to come into the world this out
really special about that really special
why did you sign that they're not the
prettiest of outlets are they this chick
and her younger sibling have come from a
pair of captive barn owls as they grow
they'll give us a rare and incredible
opportunity to learn more about the
secretive birds we've already thought
what a name or she's Luna
we always tend to give up those names
because they become part of the family
with Lloyds love and care luna grows
quickly and just six days later she
meets her younger sister Lloyd and ROS
call her Lily during these early days
and weeks Lloyd and ROS need to give
Luna and Lily round-the-clock attention
delicious when they hatch that blonde
completely helpless
they can't even regulate their own body
temperature and they need four feet
today it's just like babies really yeah
but you've taken on a responsibility so
you just have to get up with it
the owlets have a long way to go before
they transform into magnificent
super-powered owls how should we write
down that user today
nature will play its part but right now
they're entirely dependent on Lloyd and
Roz